THAT'S THE WAY I LOVED YOU

He is sensible and so incredible,
And all my single friends are jealous,
He says everything I need to hear,
And it's like I couldn't ask for anything better.
He opens up my door and I get into his car,
And he says, "You look beautiful tonight."
And I feel perfectly fine.
But I miss screamin' and fightin' and kissin' in the rain.
And it's 2:00 a.m. and I'm cursing your name.
So in love that you act insane.
And that's the way I loved you.
Breakin' down and coming undone.
It's a roller coaster kinda rush.
And I never knew I could feel that much.
And that's the way I loved you.
He respects my space and never makes me wait,
And he calls exactly when he says he will,
He's close to my mother, talks business with my father,
He's charming and endearing and I'm comfortable.
But I miss screamin' and fightin' and kissin' in the rain.
And it's 2:00 a.m. and I'm cursing your name.
So in love that you act insane.
And that's the way I loved you.
Breakin' down and coming undone.
It's a roller coaster kinda rush.
And I never knew I could feel that much.
And that's the way I loved you.
He can't see the smile I'm faking.
And my heart's not breaking,
'Cause I'm not feeling anything at all.
And you were wild and crazy,
Just so frustrating, intoxicating, complicated.
Got away by some mistake, and now,
I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain.
It's 2:00 a.m. and I'm cursing your name.
So in love that I acted insane.
And that's the way I loved you.
And I never knew I could feel that much.
Oh, and that's the way I loved you, whoa, whoa, oh, oh!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Never knew I could feel that much.


LAST KISS

I still remember the look on your face,
Lit through the darkness at 1:58,
The words that you whispered for just us to know:
You told me you loved me.
So why did you go away?
Away. Away.
I do recall now the smell of the rain,
Fresh on the pavement, I ran off the plane,
That July 9th, the beat of your heart,
It jumps through your shirt.
I can still feel your arms.
But now I'll go,
Sit on the floor wearing your clothes.
All that I know is I don't know
How to be something you miss.
I never thought we'd have a last kiss.
Never imagined we'd end like this,
Your name, forever the name on my lips.
I do remember the swing of your step,
The life of the party, you're showing off again.
And I roll my eyes and then you'd pull me in.
I'm not much for dancing but for you I did.
Because I love your handshake, meeting my father.
I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets.
How you'd kiss me when I was in the middle of saying something.
There's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptions.
And I'll go,
Sit on the floor wearing your clothes.
All that I know is I don't know
How to be something you miss.
Never thought we'd have a last kiss.
Never imagined we'd end like this.
Your name, forever the name on my lips.
So I'll watch your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep,
And I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe,
And I'll keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are,
Hope it's nice where you are.
And I hope the sun shines and it's a beautiful day,
And something reminds you you wish you had stayed.
You can plan for a change in the weather and time,
But I never planned on you changing your mind.
So I'll go,
Sit on the floor wearing your clothes.
All that I know is I don't know
How to be something you miss.
Never thought we'd have a last kiss.
Never imagined we'd end like this.
Your name, forever the name on my lips.
Just like our last kiss,
Just like our last.


TEARDROPS ON MY GUITAR

Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see
That I want and I'm needing everything that we should be.
I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about,
And she's got everything that I have to live without.
Drew talks to me, I laugh 'cause it's just so funny,
But I can't even see anyone when he's with me.
He says he's so in love, he's finally got it right.
I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night.
He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar.
The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star.
He's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do.
Drew walks by me, can he tell that I can't breathe?
And there he goes, so perfectly,
The kind of flawless I wish I could be.
She'd better hold him tight, give him all her love,
Look in those beautiful eyes and know she's lucky 'cause
He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar.
The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star.
He's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do.
So I drive home alone, as I turn out the light.
I'll put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight.
'Cause he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar.
The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart.
He's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do.
He's the time taken up, but there's never enough.
And he's all that I need to fall into.


COLD AS YOU

You have a way of coming easily to me,
And when you take, you take the very best of me.
So I start a fight 'cause I need to feel somethin',
And you do what you want 'cause I'm not what you wanted.
Oh, what a shame.
What a rainy ending given to a perfect day.
Just walk away.
Ain't no use defendin' words that you will never say.
And now that I'm sittin' here thinkin' it through,
I've never been anywhere cold as you.
You put up the walls and paint them all a shade of gray,
And I stood there loving you, and wished them all away.
And you come away with a great little story
Of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you.
Oh, what a shame.
What a rainy ending given to a perfect day.
Just walk away.
Ain't no use defending words that you will never say.
And now that I'm sittin' here thinkin' it through,
I've never been anywhere cold as you.
You never did give a damn thing, honey.
But I cried, cried for you,
And I know you wouldn't have told nobody if I died, died for you,
Died for you.
Oh, what a shame.
What a rainy ending given to a perfect day.
Oh, every smile you fake is so condescending.
Countin' all the scars you've made.
Now that I'm sittin' here thinkin' it through,
I've never been anywhere cold as you.


YOU ALL OVER ME

Once the last drop of rain has dried off the pavement,
Shouldn't I find a stain? But I never do.
The way the tires turn stones, on old county roads,
They leave 'em muddy underneath,
Reminds me of you.
You find graffiti on the walls of old bathroom stalls,
You know, you can scratch it right off.
It's how it used to be.
But like the dollar in your pocket, it's been spent and traded in,
You can't change where it's been.
Reminds me of me.
I lived, and I learned,
Had you, got burned,
Held out, and held on,
God knows, too long.
And wasted time, lost tears,
Swore that I'd get out of here.
But no amount of freedom gets you clean.
I've still got you all over me.
The best and worst day of June
Was the one that I met you,
With your hands in your pockets,
And your 'don't you wish you had me' grin.
But I did, so I smiled, and I melted like a child,
Now every breath of air I breathe reminds me of then.
And I lived, and I learned,
Had you, got burned,
Held out, and held on,
God knows, too long.
And wasted time, lost tears,
Swore that I'd get out of here.
But no amount of freedom gets you clean.
I've still got you all over me.
I lived, and I learned,
And found out what it was to turn around
And see, that we
Were never really meant to be.
So I lied, and I cried,
And I watched a part of myself die,
'Cause no amount of freedom gets you clean.
Still got you all over me.


I BET YOU THINK ABOUT ME

3 a.m. and I'm still awake, I'll bet you're just fine,
Fast asleep in your city that's better than mine.
And the girl in your bed has a fine pedigree,
And I'll bet your friends tell you she's better than me, huh?
Well, I tried to fit in with your upper-crust circles,
Yeah, they let me sit in back when we were in love,
Oh, they sit around talkin' 'bout the meaning of life,
And the book that just saved 'em that I hadn't heard of.
But now that we're done and it's over,
I bet you couldn't believe
When you realized I'm harder to forget, than I was to leave.
And I bet you think about me.
You grew up in a silver-spoon gated community,
Glamorous, shiny, bright Beverly Hills,
I was raised on a farm, no, it wasn't a mansion,
Just livin' room dancin' and kitchen table bills.
But you know what they say, you can't help who you fall for,
And you and I fell like an early spring snow.
But reality crept in, you said we're too different,
You laughed at my dreams, rolled your eyes at my jokes.
Mr. Superior-Thinkin',
Do you have all the space that you need?
I don't have to be your shrink to know that you'll never be happy.
And I bet you think about me.
I bet you think about me, yes.
I bet you think about me.
Ooh, block it all out,
The voices so loud sayin', "Why did you let her go?"
Does it make you feel sad
That the love that you're lookin' for
Is the love that you had?
Now you're out in the world, searchin' for your soul,
Scared not to be hip, scared to get old,
Chasing make-believe status, last time you felt free
Was when none of that shit mattered 'cause you were with me.
But now that we're done and it's over,
I bet it's hard to believe,
But it turned out I'm harder to forget than I was to leave.
Then, yeah, I bet you think about me,
I bet you think about me, yes.
I bet you think about me,
I bet you think about me when you're out
At your cool indie music concerts every week.
I bet you think about me in your house
With your organic shoes and your million-dollar couch.
I bet you think about me when you say
"Oh my god, she's insane, she wrote a song about me."


MEAN

You,
With your words like knives and swords and weapons
That you use againt me.
You,
Will knock me of my feet again,
Got me feeling like a nothing.
You,
With your voice like nails on a chalkboard,
Calling me out when I'a'm wounded.
You,
Picking on the weaker man.
Well, you can take me down
With just one single blow.
But you don't know what you don't know.
Someday I'll be living in a big old city,
And all you're ever gonna be is mean.
Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me,
And all you're ever gonna be is mean.
Why you gotta be so mean?
You,
With your switching sides,
And your walk by lies,
And your humiliation.
You,
Are pointing out my flaws again,
As if i dont already see them.
I'll walk with my head down,
Trying to block you out,
Cause I'll never impress you.
I just wanna feel okay again.
I bet you got pushed around.
Somebody made you cold.
But the cycle ends right now.
Cause you can't lead me down that road.
And you dont know what you dont know.
Someday I'll be living in a big old city,
And all you're ever gonna be is mean.
Someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me,
And all you're are ever gonna be is mean.
Why you gotta be so mean?
And I can see you years from now in a bar,
Talking over a football game,
With that same big mouth opinion,
But nobody is listening.
Washed up and ranting about
The same old bitter things.
Drunk and grumbling on about
How I can't sing.
But all you are is mean,
All you are is mean,
And a liar,
And pathetic,
And alone in life,
And mean,
And mean,
And mean -
Why you gotta be so mean?